[Youtube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_griMMEfM_I)

Hi! My name is Alex, i'm twenty eight years old and I am a student of Rolling Scopes School. And after so much unsuccessful attempts to record this video I decided to read this text from text file.
A little bit about me: in my free time I like to ride a bicycle, go camping, play computer games and cook something unusual.
My current goal is to become junior frontend developer.
I were a student of the Graduate School of Management of Saint-Petersburg State University for two and a half years. But after learning course of Quantitative Methods of Decision Making, where we were implementing the simplest algorithms using Excel, I've got interested in programming. 
I made a desicion of abandon university and started my way to IT. After a 3 months of self-studying, I started One S developer career and had been working for almost 3 years. It was very exсiting. There were many interesting tasks: for example, integration of Sber, Bitrix and Evotor systems working with their API, automatization of salary and bonuses calculations and many other automatization tasks. And i want to pay special attention to one task - sending email with daily data report that should have an attractive design. The solution was email with html and css inside. After this task I've understood that I want to become a web developer.
I've always been interested how websites magic works, but i wasn't self-confident enough and didn't believe that i can handle it. I've started to learn HTML and CSS, but my progress was very slow. I got lucky and found a mentor, who helped me to learn basics of javascript. It was very helpfull. After it I found out about Rolling Scopes School, waited start of course and quit my job to concentrate on stydying. So i'm here.
Stydying here is quite difficult and takes a lot of time, but it's very interesting. Every new task is a new challenge.
The first task, the shelter, was difficult for me because I had almost no experience with responsive design. But now it doesn't seem like a difficult task anymore. The virtual keyboard was a new challenge for me as I had only used click event listeners before. But pretty quickly figured out how the mouse up, mouse down, key up, key down works and then had no problem with the task. I'm working on minesweeper at the moment and I had no idea there was so much logic inside. Also, I'm looking forward to new challenges like typescript and async race, which I heard is pretty hard. 
It has last slightly more then two months, but I already learned so much, and I'm looking forward to the opportunity to get new knowledge working with mentor.
Thank you for your attention.